then I returned and considered all the
oppression that is done under the Sun
and look the tears of the oppressed but
they have no comforter on the side of
their oppressors there is power but they
have no comforter
therefore I praise the dead who were
already dead more than the living who
are still alive
yet better than both is he who has never
existed who has not seen the evil work
that is done under the Sun again I saw
that for all toil and every skillful
work a man is MV by his neighbor this
also is vanity and grasping for the wind
the fool folds his hands and consumes
his own flesh better a handful with
gladness than both hands full
together with toil and grasping for the
wind then I returned and I saw vanity
Under the Sun
there is one alone without companion he
has neither son no brother yet there is
no end to all his Labor's nor is his I
satisfied with riches but he never asks
for whom do i toil and deprive myself of
good this also is vanity and a grave
misfortune two are better than one
because they have a good reward for
their labor for if they fall one will
lift up his companion but woe to him who
is alone when he falls for he has no one
to help him up again if to lie down
together they will keep warm but how can
one be warm alone though one may be
overpowered by another two can withstand
him and a three-fold cord is not quickly
broken better a poor and wise youth than
an old and foolish king who will be
admonished no more for he comes out of
prison to be king although he was born
poor in his kingdom I saw all the living
who walk under the Sun they were with
the second youth who stands in his place
there was no end of all the people over
whom he was made King yet those who come
afterward will not rejoice in him surely
this also is vanity and grasping for the
win
you
[Music]